What we'd like to do now is start
making it look an actual game.
And one unfortunate reality about
working with emojis is that they are not
reliable across browsers and
across platforms.
In particular, if you were to look
at this on an Android device, for
some reason the emojis will be off center
and it would look kind of terrible.
So what we're gonna do is we're gonna grab
a set of Svg that represent all of these
emojis.
And there's a brilliant resource that I've
used a whole bunch that's really good in
situations like these.
It's called twemoji and
it's the Twitter set of emojis.
So just go to twemoji, just Google for
that, and go to the GitHub link down here.
And we're gonna clone this repo
into a convenient place nearby.
I'm gonna do git clone
git@github.com:twitter/twemoji.
This is gonna clone that
repo onto my hard drive.
Here's what I made earlier.
Once we've done that,
we can get the assets inside
that repo and
bring them into our own project.
So we haven't in here if I make this
a little bit bigger so that you can see,
is in addition to the code for
generating all of this stuff and
all of the license information and
everything.
We have this Svg folder that
contains an individual emoji Svg for
basically every emoji that exists.
And they're all indexed by the emojis
code point sequence in hexadecimal.
And if that was gibberish, then don't
worry because we're gonna take the emoji
sequence that we've already
got in our levels data and
we're gonna turn it into a twemoji_urls,
right?
So I've got the repo
locally on my machine now,
I'm gonna open up the directory
where we're building our project.
And we're gonna move the Svg assets into
the static folder of
our Sveltekit project.
It's gonna drag that over like so.
And I'm gonna rename it to twemoji.
And now inside our app we need to replace.
All of these emoji spans with images
that reference the Svgs that we now
have in our project.
I'm gonna create a helper
inside utils that will take
an emoji as an input and
return a path to the twemoji svg.
So, find utils and
we'll create a new function,
call it something like get_twemoji_url.
It's gonna take an emoji which
is a string as its input.
And it took me a minute to figure
out the logic for this, so
don't worry if this doesn't make sense,
just follow along.
The code is the,
The string spread out into an array.
And then we're gonna map
that to the char.codePoint,
Represented as a hexadecimal string.
And then we join that
with a hyphen character.
Then we return that with the twemoji
prefix that corresponds to
the directory that we just created.
So inside square.svelte,
we can now get rid of this span and
replace it with an image tag.
The source of which is going
to be get_twemoji_url(emoji).
Get rid of the rest of that stuff.
Save, and it works.
Okay, so we now have twemoji in
our application little bit big.
So we need to shrink these down.
Down here you'll see that we now have
this warning from the spell compiler
that we have an unused CSS selector in
our app because we no longer have a span.
So you can replace that with an SVG,
give it a width of 5ms and
a height of 5ms,
sorry not SVG, image, but
keep the pointer events.
And he's back to look in
the way that it was before.
Maybe this could be a tiny bit bigger,
let's make that 6 ms.
And we're gonna wanna do the same
thing in the found.svelte component.
Get rid of the span,
img alt =  scr
=  of the emoji.
And down here, we'll replace
that select again with image.
And so now if we find a matching pair,
it's not what I expected.
We need to replace that with a width and
height.
All right, that looks a little bit nicer.